2017 Jan 13

Port to MKCL.

May 30, 2015

If club3 is called with no arg, assume 'schedules'.

Generate HTML5 (simpler).

Reorder expressions in *.lisp files so SBCL doesn't give style
warnings even without muffling.

Aug 23, 2009

Avoid multiple warnings on same non-member.

Mar 18, 2009

Used the SBCL profiler.  diff-date, which calls encode-yyyymmdd-time,
which calls encode-universal-time, was a bottleneck.  Specified a
time-zone argument in the call to encode-universal-time, as otherwise CL
spends a surprisingly huge amount of time determining the correct (but
useless) TZ.  Since we're only calculating time differences, and
meetings take place in the same location (not to mention just once a
week), it doesn't matter what TZ is chosen.

encode-universal-time still takes up time and space, probably because it
traffics in numbers of seconds since 1900 (even if they are fixnums in
the 64bit Lisps).  So have rewritten encode-yyyymmdd-time to avoid
encode-universal-time.  Writing one's own fixnum date arithmetic is
tedious and error-prone (have to keep track of "30 days hath
September"), but in this case maybe necessary.  But at least was able to
avoid dealing with leap years, as that level of accuracy is not needed
to calculate time-differences in units of weeks.

Keep the availability info in club3's canonical format (i.e., days since
8 years ago), so they don't have to be repeatedly converted from
yyyymmdd to canonical when calculating demerits.  Keep yyyymmdd date
strictly for printing and naming files.

Mar 15, 2009

Some type declarations to speed things up.  

Mar 14, 2009

Add dotopo.lisp for easy compilation.  Compiling club3 compiles all
the other files in the right order.

Mar 10, 2009

Load an init file club3rc.lisp that has all the initialization info (both
required and optional) as Lisp code.  This avoids the plethora of
seemingly-user-friendly .txt files that need to be parsed. 

Feb 23, 2009

List of roles can be deduced from list of lineups.  Only role difficulty
needs to be available, optionally.

Feb 19, 2009

Use exponential decay to calculate demerits.

Feb 18, 2009

First working cut.
